Privacy Policy
Updated: 08-Feb-2021


1.	Objective
1.1.	Our Privacy Policy is to protect the privacy, accuracy and security of your personal information.
1.2.	This Privacy Policy explains the personal data Changepond may collect and how we intend to process such data.
1.3.	Your personal information remains your property at all times, subject to the permissive uses granted hereunder.


2.	Personal Data We Collect
2.1.	Your use of our Application/ Framework and/ or Service is voluntary.
2.2.	We must obtain personal information that is relevant and necessary in order to provide you with particular features of the Application/ Framework and/ or Service. 
2.3.	By using our Application/ Framework and/ or Service, you essentially agree to disclose certain types of personal information to us. 
2.4.	You are authorizing us to use and disclose your personal information within the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
2.5.	We will only collect personal information from you that is relevant and necessary for our professional activities.
2.6.	The information we may require consists of,
2.6.1.	First and Last name
2.6.2.	Position/ Designation
2.6.3.	Organization
2.6.4.	Phone Number &
2.6.5.	Email Address


3.	How We Use Personal Data
3.1.	We take all reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is stored accurately and securely.
3.2.	We do not share the collected data with any third parties.
3.3.	The data we collect is used to,
3.3.1.	Provide our Application/ Framework and/ or Services, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support.
3.3.2.	Give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
3.3.3.	Personalize our Application/ Framework and make recommendations.
3.3.4.	Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.


4.	Changes to Privacy Policy
4.1.	We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. 
4.2.	As a user, you should check back on the Privacy Policy periodically.
4.3.	Your continued use of the Application/ Framework and/or Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgement of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.


5.	How to Contact Us
5.1.	If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via talktous@changepond.com

